when Elijah spoke to the woman whose son
when Elijah spoke to the woman whose son he had restored to life arise and go you
he had restored to life arise and go you
he had restored to life arise and go you and your household and stay wherever you
and your household and stay wherever you
and your household and stay wherever you can for the Lord has called for a famine
can for the Lord has called for a famine
can for the Lord has called for a famine and furthermore it will come upon the
and furthermore it will come upon the
and furthermore it will come upon the land for seven years so the woman arose
land for seven years so the woman arose
land for seven years so the woman arose and did according to the saying of the
and did according to the saying of the
and did according to the saying of the man of God and she went with her
man of God and she went with her
man of God and she went with her household and dwelt in the land of the
household and dwelt in the land of the
household and dwelt in the land of the Philistines seven years it came to pass
Philistines seven years it came to pass
Philistines seven years it came to pass at the end of seven years that the woman
at the end of seven years that the woman
at the end of seven years that the woman returned from the land of the
returned from the land of the
returned from the land of the Philistines and she went to make an
Philistines and she went to make an
Philistines and she went to make an appeal to the king for her house and for
appeal to the king for her house and for
appeal to the king for her house and for her land then the king talked with Kihei
her land then the king talked with Kihei
her land then the king talked with Kihei zai the servant of the man of God tell
zai the servant of the man of God tell
zai the servant of the man of God tell me please all the great things Elijah
me please all the great things Elijah
me please all the great things Elijah has done how it happened as he was
has done how it happened as he was
has done how it happened as he was telling the King how he had restored the
telling the King how he had restored the
telling the King how he had restored the dead to life but there was the woman
dead to life but there was the woman
dead to life but there was the woman whose son he had restored to life
whose son he had restored to life
whose son he had restored to life appealing to the King for her house and
appealing to the King for her house and
appealing to the King for her house and for her land and quejas I said my lord o
for her land and quejas I said my lord o
for her land and quejas I said my lord o king this is the woman and this is her
king this is the woman and this is her
king this is the woman and this is her son whom Elijah restored to life and
son whom Elijah restored to life and
son whom Elijah restored to life and when the King asked the woman she told
when the King asked the woman she told
when the King asked the woman she told him so the king appointed a certain
him so the king appointed a certain
him so the king appointed a certain officer for her restore all that was
officer for her restore all that was
officer for her restore all that was hers and all the proceeds of the field
hers and all the proceeds of the field
hers and all the proceeds of the field from the day that she left the land
from the day that she left the land
from the day that she left the land until now then Elijah went to Damascus
until now then Elijah went to Damascus
until now then Elijah went to Damascus and been hated king of syria was sick
and been hated king of syria was sick
and been hated king of syria was sick and it was told him the man of God has
and it was told him the man of God has
and it was told him the man of God has come here
come here
come here take a present in your hand and go to
take a present in your hand and go to
take a present in your hand and go to meet the man of God and inquire of the
meet the man of God and inquire of the
meet the man of God and inquire of the Lord by him saying shall I recover from
Lord by him saying shall I recover from
Lord by him saying shall I recover from this disease so has a hill went to meet
this disease so has a hill went to meet
this disease so has a hill went to meet him and took a present with him of every
him and took a present with him of every
him and took a present with him of every good thing of Damascus 40 camel loads
and he came and stood before him your
and he came and stood before him your son Ben hey Dad
son Ben hey Dad
son Ben hey Dad king of Syria has sent me to you saying
king of Syria has sent me to you saying
king of Syria has sent me to you saying shall I recover from this disease go say
shall I recover from this disease go say
shall I recover from this disease go say to him you shall certainly recover
to him you shall certainly recover
to him you shall certainly recover however the Lord has shown me that he
however the Lord has shown me that he
however the Lord has shown me that he will really die then he said his
will really die then he said his
will really die then he said his countenance in a stare until he was
countenance in a stare until he was
countenance in a stare until he was ashamed and the man of God wept and has
ashamed and the man of God wept and has
ashamed and the man of God wept and has Al said why is my Lord weeping because I
Al said why is my Lord weeping because I
Al said why is my Lord weeping because I know the evil that you will do to the
know the evil that you will do to the
know the evil that you will do to the children of Israel their strongholds you
children of Israel their strongholds you
children of Israel their strongholds you will set on fire and their young men who
will set on fire and their young men who
will set on fire and their young men who will kill with the sword you will dash
will kill with the sword you will dash
will kill with the sword you will dash their children and rip open their women
their children and rip open their women
their children and rip open their women with child but what is your servant a
with child but what is your servant a
with child but what is your servant a dog that he should do this gross thing
dog that he should do this gross thing
dog that he should do this gross thing the Lord has shown me that you will
the Lord has shown me that you will
the Lord has shown me that you will become keen over Syria
become keen over Syria
become keen over Syria then he departed from Elijah and came to
then he departed from Elijah and came to
then he departed from Elijah and came to his master who said to him what did
his master who said to him what did
his master who said to him what did Elijah say to you he told me you would
Elijah say to you he told me you would
Elijah say to you he told me you would surely recover but it happened on the
surely recover but it happened on the
surely recover but it happened on the next day that he took a thick cloth and
next day that he took a thick cloth and
next day that he took a thick cloth and dipped it in water and spread it over
dipped it in water and spread it over
dipped it in water and spread it over his face
his face
his face so that he died and has al reigned in
so that he died and has al reigned in
so that he died and has al reigned in his place
now in the fifth year of jodan the son
now in the fifth year of jodan the son of Ahab king of Israel Jehoshaphat
of Ahab king of Israel Jehoshaphat
of Ahab king of Israel Jehoshaphat having been king of Judah
having been king of Judah
having been king of Judah chehon the son of Jehoshaphat began to
chehon the son of Jehoshaphat began to
chehon the son of Jehoshaphat began to reign as king of Judah he was 32 years
reign as king of Judah he was 32 years
reign as king of Judah he was 32 years old when he became King and he reigned 8
old when he became King and he reigned 8
old when he became King and he reigned 8 years in Jerusalem and he walked in the
years in Jerusalem and he walked in the
years in Jerusalem and he walked in the way of the kings of Israel just as the
way of the kings of Israel just as the
way of the kings of Israel just as the house of Ahab had done for the daughter
house of Ahab had done for the daughter
house of Ahab had done for the daughter of Ahab was his wife and he did evil in
of Ahab was his wife and he did evil in
of Ahab was his wife and he did evil in the sight of the Lord yet the Lord would
the sight of the Lord yet the Lord would
the sight of the Lord yet the Lord would not destroy Judah for the sake of his
not destroy Judah for the sake of his
not destroy Judah for the sake of his servant David as he promised him to give
servant David as he promised him to give
servant David as he promised him to give a lamp to him and his sons for ever in
a lamp to him and his sons for ever in
a lamp to him and his sons for ever in his days Edom revolted against Judah's
his days Edom revolted against Judah's
his days Edom revolted against Judah's Authority and made a king over
Authority and made a king over
Authority and made a king over themselves so Jerome went to Zaire and
themselves so Jerome went to Zaire and
themselves so Jerome went to Zaire and all his chariots with him then he rose
all his chariots with him then he rose
all his chariots with him then he rose by night and attacked the who
by night and attacked the who
by night and attacked the who had surrounded him and the captains of
had surrounded him and the captains of
had surrounded him and the captains of the chariots and the troops fled to
the chariots and the troops fled to
the chariots and the troops fled to their tents
their tents
their tents thus Edom has been in revolt against
thus Edom has been in revolt against
thus Edom has been in revolt against Judah's authority to this day and Lib
Judah's authority to this day and Lib
Judah's authority to this day and Lib nur revolted at that time now the rest
nur revolted at that time now the rest
nur revolted at that time now the rest of the acts of Joe Tom and all that he
of the acts of Joe Tom and all that he
of the acts of Joe Tom and all that he did are they not written in the book of
did are they not written in the book of
did are they not written in the book of The Chronicles of the kings of Judah
The Chronicles of the kings of Judah
The Chronicles of the kings of Judah so joram rested with his father's and
so joram rested with his father's and
so joram rested with his father's and was buried with his father's in the City
was buried with his father's in the City
was buried with his father's in the City of David
of David
of David then a huzzah his son reigned in his
then a huzzah his son reigned in his
then a huzzah his son reigned in his place
place
place in the 12th year of joram the son of
in the 12th year of joram the son of
in the 12th year of joram the son of Ahab king of Israel a Isaiah the son of
Ahab king of Israel a Isaiah the son of
Ahab king of Israel a Isaiah the son of Jehovah
Jehovah
Jehovah king of Judah began to reign
king of Judah began to reign
king of Judah began to reign a Hazara was 22 years old when he became
a Hazara was 22 years old when he became
a Hazara was 22 years old when he became King and he reigned one year in
King and he reigned one year in
King and he reigned one year in Jerusalem his mother's name was Ethel I
Jerusalem his mother's name was Ethel I
Jerusalem his mother's name was Ethel I the granddaughter of Emre king of Israel
the granddaughter of Emre king of Israel
the granddaughter of Emre king of Israel and he walked in the way of the house of
and he walked in the way of the house of
and he walked in the way of the house of Ahab and did evil in the sight of the
Ahab and did evil in the sight of the
Ahab and did evil in the sight of the Lord like the house of Ahab for he was
Lord like the house of Ahab for he was
Lord like the house of Ahab for he was the son-in-law of the house of Ahab now
the son-in-law of the house of Ahab now
the son-in-law of the house of Ahab now he went with Jordan the son of Ahab to
he went with Jordan the son of Ahab to
he went with Jordan the son of Ahab to war against has al king of syria at
war against has al king of syria at
war against has al king of syria at ramoth-gilead
ramoth-gilead
ramoth-gilead and the syrians wounded Jordan then King
and the syrians wounded Jordan then King
and the syrians wounded Jordan then King Jerome went back to Jezreel to recover
Jerome went back to Jezreel to recover
Jerome went back to Jezreel to recover from the wounds which the Syrians had
from the wounds which the Syrians had
from the wounds which the Syrians had inflicted on him at Rhema when he fought
inflicted on him at Rhema when he fought
inflicted on him at Rhema when he fought against has al king of syria and a has
against has al king of syria and a has
against has al king of syria and a has ire the son of jihad rome king of judah
ire the son of jihad rome king of judah
ire the son of jihad rome king of judah went down to see jerome the son of Ahab
went down to see jerome the son of Ahab
went down to see jerome the son of Ahab in Jezreel because he was sick
you
you [Music]